# Origin of this tutorial
_(Translated by Levviata to American English using DeepL, this translation is very crude)_

Six months after the release of 1.13, Forge saw its first public build under the 1.13 major release, developing and growing the 1.13.2 Mod ecosystem. However, 1.13.2 saw a number of technical updates to both Forge and FML, with FML completely rewriting the Mod loading mechanism used to this day in version 1.3.2, making it difficult to port Mods. In the case of CoreMod, this change in the loading mechanism from the root causes the original method to be completely inapplicable to the new version.

I made [CustomSkinLoader](https://github.com/xfl03/MCCustomSkinLoader) as a CoreMod successfully ported to 1.13.2 after a lot of hard work. I hope that through this tutorial, I can share the principles and writing related to each version of CoreMod. I hope this tutorial can share the principle and writing of CoreMod of different versions, and help readers to develop CoreMod.

# What this tutorial offers the reader

It is better to teach a man to fish than to teach him to fish.

This tutorial will start with some basic principles of the Java Virtual Machine to understand how a Java program is loaded into memory and run. And from how FML modifies Minecraft to analyze how an original CoreMod is written and run. And then from the principle of FML loading CoreMod to conclude how to write an FML CoreMod.

# What you need to read this tutorial

## Java and other programming basics

This tutorial is not intended for Java beginners, and it has been assumed that the reader has some knowledge of the basics of Java.

If you are a programmer beginner (generally), you should not read this tutorial. Seek the appropiate resources as we won't do hand holding.

## Mod development basics such as Forge

This tutorial requires some basic Mod development knowledge, basic development knowledge of Forge, LiteLoader or even ModLoader is applicable.

If you have not yet mastered the basics of Mod development, it is recommended that you can first read the basic Mod development tutorials, and you need to learn at least the basic use of ForgeGradle.

## Some degree of source code reading ability

Analyzing the principles may require reading parts of the source code without comments, JavaDoc, but of course this can be dispensed with if the focus is only on how to develop rather than the principles involved.

# Special thanks

Thanks to [ustc-zzzz](https://github.com/ustc-zzzz) for [fmltutor](https://fmltutor.ustc-zzzz.net/), which inspired the tutorial writing.

Thanks to [NekoCaffeine](https://github.com/NekoCaffeine) and [3TUSK](https://github.com/3TUSK) for much help and support.
