# What is a CoreMod
_(Translated by Levviata to American English using DeepL, this translation is very crude)_

In this tutorial, CoreMod is a Mod that modifies other classes, for example, FML needs to modify Minecraft in order to implement the Mod loading feature, it is also a CoreMod.

The other classes here can be Minecraft, other mods, or even a class from your own mod. coreMod can, in practice, modify classes from a variety of sources in much the same way, and this tutorial won't treat them particularly differently.

Two issues need to be clarified：

* This tutorial only explains class modification, although this is not the only use of CoreMod, but according to the idea of FML1.13 for CoreMod design, CoreMod can only be restricted to use JavaScript to write, and can not perform other behaviors except for modifying the class, meaning that the Forge team does not support other uses of CoreMod, so it will not be explained. Therefore, we will not explain it.

* Modify other classes does not necessarily mean that you have to use ASM, Mixin, Javassist, modify the binary byte code, the file as a whole to replace are a viable option, ASM is just a tool, again because FML1.13 can only use ASM for CoreMod operations, so the tutorial is ASM-based.

# CoreMod Features

* Can modify the classes of Minecraft, other modules, this is the main use
* Can execute code before Minecraft starts, this feature is used for operations such as environment preprocessing

# CoreMod注意事项

CoreMod needs to take special care to avoid calling Minecraft, other normal mods, or even your own normal mod parts, such behavior can cause these classes to be loaded into the `ClassLoader` prematurely before all CoreMod modifications are complete to the point that the game crashes, and such crashes are even difficult to easily in crash-report to It is difficult to even easily find out the cause in the crash-report.

FML 1.13 restricts the classes that can be used by CoreMod's JavaScript to avoid this behavior at its source.

# Reasons for using ModLoaders like FML

CoreMod can be divided into two types by whether the behavior of modifying other classes is directly modifying the file or dynamically modifying it at runtime. With the help of each ModLoader and its byproducts (e.g., LaunchWrapper, ModLauncher), we can easily modify other classes at runtime without rigidly using tools like MCP (Mod Coder Pack) and other tools to loop through the following:
* Disobfuscate Minecraft
* Decompile Minecraft
* Modify Minecraft code
* Compile Minecraft
* Extract and obfuscate the changed class files.
* Replace the obfuscated class file with the core game file.

Putting aside the cumbersome process, more importantly, if two CoreMods modify the same class, they will inevitably conflict, and at this point we need to merge the changes to the class file line by line in order to make them compatible, which is obviously not a reasonable solution.

This is obviously not a reasonable solution. In the face of this fatal problem, this kind of modification of other classes done by CoreMod itself seems to be problematic, and it needs to be done with the help of unified scheduling such as FML's ModLoader. Under a reasonable scheduling mechanism, CoreMods can dynamically modify each other to determine the order of modification, can sense whether there is a conflict to carry out compatibility operations, and can even be modified at the same time without conflict, which is almost self-contained original CoreMod does not have the ability to do.

