# Minecraft obfuscation methods
_(Translated by Levviata to American English using DeepL, this translation is very crude and might not be correct, beware!)_

Minecraft, as a commercial software, naturally needs to be obfuscated, but its more open attitude towards Mods has prompted the community to anti-obfuscate it, the most famous anti-obfuscation project is called MCP (Mod Coder Pack), the initiator of this project is named Searge (the source of srg's naming), which provides us with three types of obfuscation mappings, namely, notch, srg, and mcp. Three kinds of obfuscation methods are provided for us, FML and other mainstream ModLoader use this anti-obfuscation mapping.  
Besides MCP, the [FabricMC](https://github.com/FabricMC) team provides an anti-obfuscation project called [Yarn](https://github.com/FabricMC/yarn) for 1.14+, which is also under gradual development, and only FabricMC is using it. CraftBukkit has its own anti-obfuscation program, which is also maintained by Spigot.   
In 19w36a, Mojang announced the release of the official obfuscation table for 1.14.4+, which will be updated with each release.   
Currently there are several mainstream anti-obfuscation projects:
* MCP
    * The most mainstream anti-obfuscation project
    * Used in Forge, Sponge, LiteLoader
    * Discontinued after 1.16.5
* Yarn
    * Extremely fast update speed, supports 1.14+ preview and full release, completely free to use
    * For Fabric
* Mojang
    * Started with version 1.14.4.
    * For Minecraft development, Forge (1.17+), also for Fabric (1.14.4, 1.15+)
    * Suitable for cross-platform development
* Bukkit
    * Mostly used for server-side
    * For CraftBukkit, Spigot, etc.

Unfortunately, these current anti-obfuscation projects are incompatible with projects using different anti-obfuscation methods due to different obfuscation tables, requiring a lot of porting work.

## MCP

### notch obfuscation

The notch obfuscation method is Mojang's obfuscation of Minecraft, which causes class names, method names, etc. to be named as meaningless combinations of letters, such as `bwn`, `a`, which is meaningless and hard to read; this is the obfuscated name provided by the game itself, known as the Notch Name (or notch for short).

### mcp no obfuscation

In order to deal with the problem of notch obfuscation being unreadable, the mcp team has provided a name for Minecraft class names, method names, etc. that can be read normally, which is the same type of obfuscation we usually see in development environments when we develop Mods, such as `net.minecraft.client.resource.SkinManager`, ` loadTexture`, known as MCP Name (mcp for short).

### srg obfuscation

mcp provides developers with readable names, but mcp names need to be named manually and are difficult to produce immediately upon release. Also, mcp names can change in the same release as the understanding of the Minecraft code deepens, and this unstable, heavily manual-dependent mapping is actually detrimental to development. Semi-obfuscated srg was born, which is a kind of naming method in the **same version** and notch naming stable one-to-one correspondence, in the version change, the same class, method general srg name will not change, and mcp name can be updated at any time. fml will be dynamically back-obfuscated to the srg name in the runtime of the game after 1.6, and compiled mods will also be automatically obfuscated! To the srg name, we see things like `field_123456_c`, `func_132465_a`, etc. are Srg Name (srg for short).


<!-- (不太确定)
在1.16后，Forge会在安装时完成notch到srg的反混淆操作，这减小了运行时FML的压力。-->

After 1.17, srg class names use Mojang obfuscated mapping table class names, and field and method names use names similar to f_8848_ and m_114514_, which are **common across versions**. Since Mojang class names are inherently stable, and field and method names do not change with version iteration, “compile once, run everywhere” cross-version mods are possible.

Something to keep in mind:
* The class name has the same srg name as the mcp name.

* The `mapping` attribute in ForgeGradle specifies the version of the srg-mcp mapping table, which can be updated at any time by modifying the attribute and rewriting the build development environment to update the mcp name of the development environment.

* The notch-srg mapping table is fixed for each Minecraft version.
In 1.16.5 and earlier, the

## Mojang

### Obfuscated names

Obfuscated names are consistent with the notch above, e.g. `cto`, `a`, and are the naming used by the released game, which has no real meaning and is the same obfuscation used by the original game when it was run.

### Non-obfuscated names

Non-obfuscated names are names used internally by Mojang during the development of a game, e.g. `com.mojang.blaze3d.Blaze3D`, `youJustLostTheGame`, and have real meaning.

Note that the non-obfuscated names in the obfuscated mapping table only contain mappings for class names, field names, and method names, not parameter name mappings. However, the major ModLoader development environments (Fabric, Forge, etc.) can automatically generate parameter names based on parameter types.
