# Java Virtual Machine
_(Translated by Levviata to American English using DeepL, this translation is very crude and might not be correct, beware!)_

As you know, Java is a language that runs on a virtual machine. A virtual machine is a virtual computer that is the environment in which the Java language runs, making the code independent of the operating system and only related to the virtual machine. This feature allows Java programmers to focus on writing code without focusing on the differences between platforms.

Java Virtual Machine (JVM) has the following core knowledge points:
- Class loading mechanism
- Memory structure
- Garbage Collection (GC)

Among them, class loading mechanism is the core content of CoreMod writing, we need to understand in detail how a class file is loaded into memory, and master the basic class file structure and byte code in order to modify it.  
The Java Virtual Machine Specification (JVMS) does not specify the memory structure and garbage collection, and it is up to the Java Virtual Machine to decide how to do this, which varies greatly.

## Java Bytecode

The Java language is compiled and translated into bytecode that is recognized by the Java Virtual Machine. At this point the Java Virtual Machine recognizes the bytecode and runs it. Bytecode is like the compiled machine code of any other program that can be run directly on the machine/virtual machine.  
In the beginning, Java bytecode would only be interpreted and executed by the Java Virtual Machine at runtime. Later, Sun (now acquired by Oracle) developed the famous Java Virtual Machine, Hotspot, which compiles the hot code into native machine code and caches it through a Just-In-Time (JIT) compiler, which greatly speeds up Java's operation efficiency.

## The JVM Language

Since Java code runs on the Java Virtual Machine by translating it into bytecode, we can translate other languages into bytecode to run on the Java Virtual Machine. For example, Scala, Kotlin.
