# Modify class files directly
_(Translated by Levviata to American English using DeepL, this translation is very crude and might not be correct, beware!)_

This is a very simple, violent and primitive way of modifying Minecraft. By directly modifying the class file, you can modify and inject the desired code at will.  
FML from the beginning until 1.5.2, are directly used this way to modify Minecraft.  
  
There are many ways to modify the class file directly, among which MCP is a mature tool for modifying the class file of Minecraft, which provides us with functions such as anti-obfuscation and other functions, which makes it easy for developers to modify the class file in the form of modifying the code. Besides, modifying the bytecode of the class file or even modifying the binary data directly according to the structure of the class file are all feasible methods, but they are more troublesome in comparison, and the following method is the regular MCP method.

## Methods

### Install MCP

After downloading and unzipping MCP, we can see a large number of `sh` and `bat` scripts in the root directory, these scripts have the following functions:
* `cleanup`, clean up MCP environment, delete `bin`, `src`, `reobf` and other folders.
* `decompile`, decompile Minecraft, will store the anti-obfuscated and decompiled Minecraft code in `src`.
* `getchangedsrc`, get the modified Minecraft code.
* `recompile`, compiles the modified Minecraft code, and stores all unobfuscated class files in `bin`.
* `reformat`, format the code in `src`
* `reobfuscate`, obfuscates modified classes to notch and extracts them to `reobf`
* `reobfuscate_srg`, obfuscate the modified class to srg, and extract to `reobf`
* `startclient`, runs the modified Minecraft client
* `startserver`, runs the modified Minecraft server
* `updateids`, renumber srg names in source code using CSV data, not recommended.
* `updatemcp`, update MCP, not recommended
* `updatemd5`, recompile Minecraft code, generate md5, if you modify the code and then carry out sub-operation, class modification detection will be based on the current code, not recommended to use
* :: `updatenames`, use CSV data to update mcp names, not recommended.

Based on the above instructions, we can use `decompile` to initialize the MCP.

### Modifying and compiling Minecraft code

The Minecraft code is located in the `src` folder and can be modified directly.

If you need to use an IDE for development, you can use eclipse to import the `eclipse` folder as an existing project (Import -> Existing Projects).

After modification, use `recompile` to compile and `reobfuscate` to obfuscate.

### Package Mod

The compiled and obfuscated class is located in the `reobf` folder.

It is recommended that you use the zip command to package the class, it makes no difference whether you use the jar or zip extension:
```sh
zip -q -r ModName-Version.jar *
```

For readers using the GUI, you can just select all files and right click to compress to zip.

## Installation method

* Open Minecraft's core file `minecraft.jar` and the Mod's zip file using the zip file manager.

* Replace the `minecraft.jar` file with the `minecraft.mod` file in the manager.

* Delete the `META-INF` folder of the core files.

* For Forge clients older than 1.6 need to add `-Dfml.ignoreInvalidMinecraftCertificates=true -Dfml.ignorePatchDiscrepancies=true` to the JVM parameters to disable FML integrity and signature checking of Minecraft core files. integrity and signature checking of Minecraft core files.

* Launchers after 1.6 will check the integrity of the core files, which needs to be bypassed by copying and modifying the json.

## Cons

This is the simplest and least recommended way of modifying the core files, and it has a number of drawbacks, including but not limited to the following:

* Troublesome installation process, if you forget to backup before installation, it will bring endless troubles.

* Poor compatibility, if two mods modify the same class, it is basically incompatible.

* Remove Mojang's signature on the core file will bring security risks.

* Not maintainable, it is difficult to update or delete the mod.
