# JavaAgent
_(Translated by Levviata to American English using DeepL, this translation is very crude and might not be correct, beware!)_

Although FML has never used JavaAgent to make changes to Minecraft, it is a reasonable way to make dynamic changes.  
The JavaAgent is supported by the JVM and can dynamically modify class files as they are loaded.

## How it's made

JavaAgent consists of the following components - `premain` method, `ClassFileTransformer` interface.

### premain

The `premain` method executes before the Java entry method `main`.  
A typical writeup is as follows:
```java
package com.example;

import java.lang.instrumentation.

public class ExampleAgent {
  public static void premain(String args, Instrumentation instrumentation){
      //TODO: add code here
  }
}
```

This method gets an instance of `Instrumentation` with which we can register `ClassFileTransformer`.
``java
ExampleTransformer transformer = new ExampleTransformer();
instrumentation.addTransformer(transformer);
```

The ``premain`` method, like the ``main`` method, needs to be written to Manifest in order for the JVM to execute it, and we can add it by modifying ``gradle.build``:
```gradle
jar {
    manifest {
        attributes([
                “Premain-Class": ”com.example.ExampleAgent”
        ])
    }

```

### ClassFileTransformer

This interface has only one method, `transform`, which is needed to return an array of modified class file `byte`s, this method will be called when `ClassLoader`'s `defineClass` is called, with the following parameters:
* `loader`, the currently used `ClassLoader`.
* `className`, the name of the currently loaded class
* `classBeingRedefined`, the `Class` object before reloading, designed for retransforms
* `protectionDomain`, the protected domain
* `classfileBuffer`, the `byte` array of class files

A `ClassFileTransformer` that does nothing is as follows:
```java
package com.example;

import java.lang.instrument.ClassFileTransformer;
import java.lang.instrument.IllegalClassFormatException;
import java.lang.instrument.IllegalClassFormatException; import java.security.

public class ExampleTransformer implements ClassFileTransformer {
    public byte[] transform(ClassFileTransformer)
    public byte[] transform(ClassLoader loader, String className, @Override)
                            String className, String className, Class<?
                            Class<? > classBeingRedefined, String protectionDomain protectionDomain, String className, Class<?
                            ProtectionDomain protectionDomain,
                            byte[] classfileBuffer) throws IllegalClassFormatException {
        //TODO: You can write ASM code here.
        return classfileBuffer;
    }
}
```

## Installation method

Add it to the game's JVM parameters:
```sh
-javaagent:filename=args
```
* `filename` is the filename of the jar
* `args` is the argument passed into the `premain` method

## Cons.

* Requires user to modify JVM parameters to use JavaAgent, which is more troublesome than other installation methods.
* Low priority, usually the last to modify the class.
